I resent my fellow man

I've started to resent the fellow man I share this country with.
They sit at home, angrily typing on their keyboards,
shrill with being left out and disregarded,
as if the world owes them more than they have.
As if they're more important than the rest 
and we should be living by their expectations.

These illogical men, that shout and scream.
Using only their unsettled emotions to act.
They don't think, they don't reason,
contradicting their oxymoronic views on a whim
just so they can feel pride in not being "wrong".
Their ego, paper mache armour.

I cannot argue or debate them
as they cannot comprehend conversation.
They only know tabloid headlines and 
misinformed content creators flooding facebook.
Repeating, regurgitating lies after lies
that somehow help their point of view.

Are these the men that sway the votes,
Rise the polls of far right fascists?
I hope they're nothing but this "vocal minority"
that you can sweep under the rug after election day.
But I'm scared, I'm scared that they will cause
the downfall of democracy and the ruin of my home.

More Info:

Started: 23rd April 2026
Finished: 5th May 2026

Reason/Description:
There is an election coming up in my country. Unfortunately, my country is a colonised one and not a soverign one so there's lots of influence and confusion by the big boy next door that rules us. Historically, my countrymen have been left leaning as our culture is predominantly focussed on community throughout history. Over the past half century, we've had a large influx of people from our neighbouring country (one county is ~50% from this neighbouring country at the moment). The neighbouring countrymen have a polar opposite political viewpoint. They're more right leaning and as the right does, it has successfully converted lots of the lower classes (of which there are many in my country) to believe their lies (the gov recently voted in a new law that makes lying in an election illegal, only the right wing politicians voted against). Now that the context is founded, let me get to my actual reasoning; I foolishly went on facebook and loaded up my village's page. This is something I try to avoid for my sanity. I found a post talking about how people were upset and should vote right wing because the left wing leader didn't go into a cafe they used as their rallying point to start canvasing. They claimed instead that the two right wing parties instead were the parties for small business. Both of these right wing parties whom are responsible for Brexit, a fundamentally disasterous for small businesses. These kinds of men worry me that their lack of reasoning will cause more downturn for our country, more racism in our communities and more financial uncertainty.