Life in my head

On the busy streets,
stranded and scared.
I'm screaming so loud
while the people walk past
but no one sees my pain.
The roars that rear inside my head.

My chest constricts and binds
So tight that I cannot breathe.
The deprived barren void of my lungs
toil for any breathe they can achieve.
Grasping for any gasp that'll come
but not a single respite do I receive.

So I claw at myself.
Hoping these talons pierce my skin,
to help the pain escape,
have nowhere left to cling.
Skin toughened and claws blunted.
Inadequate, incapable, helpless.

And now, the exhaustion comes.
Where I slowly lose the will to fight.
Overshadowed by fear,
I soon lose sight.
That precious hope.
The hope that kept me alive,

I'm a fragment of the person I was.
Struggling to see through the smoke.
The black barrage of soot
that's become my cloak.
Hiding behind fake faces and sad smiles.
No longer knowing what's real.

So I banish the world around me.
My friends become distant memories
Pushed away by intrusive thoughts.
Paralyzed silence makes my enemies,
Killing everything around me.
I'm so, so alone.


More Info:

Started: 11th September 2021
Finished: 4th March 2022

Reason/Description:
I was reading Savannah Brown's first poem in her second collection. It started to fill me with the feeling of anxiety so I stopped and started this about how my worst attacks have felt. Some poems just wack me with all sorts of unrelated feelings, nothing against Savannah Brown. Her work is amazing.

I got halfway through this poem and forgot it (as I switched devices to work on) and when I came back, I was a shame of a person. Struggling to get through life and masking most of my time. Multiple mental breakdowns occurred and I just poured it all into this. How I fell, how I felt and what's been my enemy.


Metres:
6 line stanzas
lines 2 and 4 must rhyme


Stanza topics:
Screaming inside my head / silent and ignored in reality
The tightness of my chest. Deprived of air.
I want to scratch a hole in my body so I can let the pain out
Eventually being so exhausted that I stare and loose myself in a void