Working title: Our morning walk

1.
Along the northern path,
in morning sunny dew
We walked along the grassy track
Passing hazel, hawthorn and honeysuckle. 

2.
The sun shone bright on our backs.
That bright warm light that's so 
seldom found in early spring.
A newly welcomed warmth.

3.
Then I stood still for a moment,
taking a pause to just breathe.
A moment in time that's just mine.
My view, my breathe and my thoughts.

4.
And in this stillness, I feel a wash of calm.
An emotion that's been lost to me for so long
An overwhelming feeling of bliss
now that the noise has stopped.

5.
While I wait, I wonder;
How long will this new state last?
Will I succumb again to the mayhem
or continue on this new path?

6.
Looking back and forward along the track.
Left and right, through the bushes and trees.
Alone, I appreciate the moment,
observing the harmony around me.

7.
Over to our south, almost sunken out of view,
sat this large empty quarry,
laden with scattered rabbits,
digging and scouting the world around them.

8.
Darting between hedges and bushes,
these spring loaded burrowers
full of life and energy.
Living peacefully in their rocky pen.

9.
Then past the recessed basin,
I saw the southern sea.
Uncharacteristically calm and settled.
Open and empty, void of sails.

10.
Often trafficked on unsteady waves.
But this morning it laid barren.
The waves now a ripple, avoiding
their usual crashing battles.

11.
It was all silent and unstiring.
And in that moment I felt
as though I was the sea,
a mirror of who I was.

12.
And the hope that those
small rabbits had for life
was the belief I needed.
The belief I'd been missing.

13.
But I am not the sea,
nor am I the little rabbits.
I am me, with my own life
and my own story.

14.
And so the moment passes,
and we continue our walk,
along this often trodden path
around the corner into what may become.


More Info:

Started: 8th April 2026
Finished:

Reason/Description:
I've recently had a bad foot and not gone on the usual walk that goes the length of the village between the coast and the train line. It's started getting better, as did the weather and figured I'd go for a morning walk with the dog. I've been wanting to do longer walks, as I find them usefull for keeping my mind from racing and fighting stress. When I reached the point where the path goes from being in a field to being surrounded by plants, I took a moment, realised my mind was calm for the first time in a while and I stood there to write the start of this poem. 

I had also listened to a Savannah brown poem recently that instead of being about a "moment" in time or a feeling or anything I usually write about in the style I usually write. It instead was a concept that circled back. I thought this might be nice to play with for how I tell this feeling I was in. A blend of my usual style but adding a sprinkling of Sav's approach.