The end

On my last day
I held out for
Twenty minutes.

The time agreed upon.
The time I'm afforded.
With all regard, I stayed.

Reminders upon reminders
Handed out onto
Silence they fell.

Each day after,
I continued to hold.
Hold on tightly.

The hope that
Previously kept my driven
Slowly fades away.

My nerves grow
Nothing but fear
Of the unthinkable.

On that seventh day,
I finally got my
Mournful response.

One that confirmed my
hollow ending. The one 
that wasn't meant to be.

A racing, grieving mind
Isn't good for a soul
To grow kindly.

Torn apart until
All that's left are strands
Of a forgotten man.

And now alone,
I walk through
This harsh world.

On this eighth
I chose to fight
Through the pain

So I seek my pilgrimage
Along the war raging
And misty cliffs of home.

Six feet waves
Consuming, crashing
Rushing into shore.

A brigade of water,
Charging the stones
At my feet.

A reminder that war
Rages on each of us
Yet we all still stand.

Maybe on the ninth,
I too will still be standing
And on the tenth... 


More Info:

Started: 19th November 2024
Finished: 19th November 2024

Reason/Description:
On the 11th of November 2024, I was due to meet with my therapist for the last time. This session had been moved twice already and had been built up rather largely in my mind. My therapist however, didn't turn up. Only a week later would I get an email saying he's had a family emergency and will no longer be practicing for the foreseeable future. Considering the relationship one has with their therapist, this didn't leave me feeling well at all. I'm unable to know any further if he is okay or any of the situation he finds himself in. I have no ability to help, I have no closure and I have no more information. As part of my way of dealing with this series of events, I went to Traeth Llanilltud Fawr to watch the waves and read a book (Frankenstein) to try and occupy myself and process what's happened. While I was there, I wrote out this poem. It was written in one fluid moment without any re-reading which I've never done before but I wanted this one to stay raw. I hope it reads well as I don't dare read it back right now.